Thanks
Sincerely
Best
Regards
Respectfully
No trees were harmed in the making of this message
Sent from something without a fruit on it
You skimmed this, didn’t you?
This message brought to you by electricity
Blink twice if you agree
Just like buses and trains, my work station is where the work stops
If it’s not broken, keep fixing it until it is
My opinions have changed, but I’m still right and you’re still wrong
We are born crying and confused. Then things just get worse
In the beginning was the phrase, and the phrase was “unnecessary meetings”
Everything above is nonsense
Please don’t let me know if you don’t get this message
somethingiswrongwithmyspacebar
I didn’t lie. All I said were things that later turned out to be untrue
MY CAPS LOCK IS BROKEN
You can save a lot of time by seeing it my way
All my worst
You’re welcome
Please don’t respond
Can you wait to deposit this until Monday?
I know everything — just not all at once. It’s a space problem, not a knowledge problem.
The next line is false. The previous line was true.
What do you get when you mix a joke with a rhetorical question?
Some people like croissants. I like happy uncles. 
All my vacuum does is gather dust
Some people hate irony. Must be why their shirts are always wrinkly.
Accidents don’t just happen. They are always carelessly planned. 
My boss said I can’t be a flamingo for the Halloween party. I had to put my foot down.
I bought a camo keyboard but now I can’t find it
I used to have a good handle on things, but then I broke it
I finally got a tank for the office goldfish. He can’t figure out how to drive it though
I don’t suffer from stress — I enjoy every second of it
My boss says I display ignorance and apathy in my work. But I don’t know and don’t care
Two members of our IT department just got married. The reception was fantastic
My IQ test came back negative
I might apply to a mirror shop. I can see myself doing it
Our new client does a lot of yoga. I think that’s a bit of a stretch
I used to be indecisive in my work. Now I’m not too sure
my keyboard is broken — anyone want shift work?
Sent from your phone
Sent from Saturn
Sent from the kitchen
Sent from the club
Sent from the bar
Sent from the border
Sent from my Walkman
Sent from my calculator
Sent from the Starbucks drive-thru
Sent from my dog
Sent from tomorrow 
Sent from my TI-84
Sent from Hogwarts
Sent from Helm’s Deep
Sent from my Swiffer
Sent from my cat’s litter box
Sent from my neighbor’s BBQ
Sent from Area 51
Sent from a telegram
Sent from the toilet
Sent from my air fryer
If you have any questions, please ask someone else
Thanks (not sure what for)
"Insert pleasantry here"
Please hesitate to reach out!
Lukewarm regards
I've already told you more than I know.
Sincerely, despite the circumstances.
Later skater
Your worst nightmare
Keeping it professional, one email at a time
No trees were destroyed in the sending of this message. However, a significant number of electrons were terribly inconvenienced.
Are you still reading this? 
This message is transmitted on 100% recycled electrons.
Tag, you’re it. 
I'll see myself out
Typed on tiny keys, just for you.
GIF or JIF?
To decode this comment into a readable form, rot13 it twice.
Time flies like an arrow; fruit flies like a banana.
Due to budget cuts, the light at the end of the tunnel has been turned off.
Currently running on caffeine and dry humor.
Successfully wasting your time since [Year].
Not responsible for coffee on keyboards.
Making broken English look like modern art.
It’s OK if you disagree with me. I can’t force you to be right.
If you can’t convince them, confuse them.
Recycling old jokes to make your day brighter.
I’d tell you a chemistry joke but I know I wouldn’t get a reaction.
Emails are like cats. They don’t do much, but you have to pay attention to them anyway.
Signatures are like end credits, but no one waits for the bonus scene.
Hard work never killed anyone, but why take the chance?
Sent from the future.
Remember, every email you receive was written by a person who wanted to write it.
Email – Because your phone isn’t already annoying enough.
Never make the same mistake twice. There are so many new ones to make.
Remember, if the world didn’t suck, we’d all fall off.
Old enough to know better. Young enough to do it again.
Laugh at your problems, everybody else does.
This email was not sent from a roulette table in Vegas, but I wish it was.
Don’t follow me, I’m lost too.
May your inbox be as empty as a politician’s promises!
Thanks for coming to my Ted Talk!
Annnnd that’s a wrap!
Keep grinding
Congrats on reading this whole email
You have the email touch, send this email to 10 other people to cure yourself!
This email is not a worm
Don't forget to like and subscribe
i am a heron. i haev a long neck and i pick fish out of the water w/ my beak. if you dont repost this comment on 10 other pages i will fly into your kitchen tonight and make a mess of your pots and pans
Cut! I think we need to re-run that
Rolling in my grave
[Insert tagline here]
I hope you feel better soon
This email did not find me well
Looking forward to no reply
Sounds like a you problem
With crippling social anxiety
Going to the bathroom to cry
Heavy sigh
With the most unfortunate of circumstances
Boots with the fur